food is so hard to find this far north
that a wolf pack must search hundreds of
square kilometers if it's to be
successful and success means raising the
next generation to do that here the
wolves must work together so the young
are raised not only by their parents but
by their aunts and uncles as well
[Music]
together they try to ensure that each
puck reaches near adult size before the
snow returns the growing pup needs more
than just a few leverets the Wolves need
bigger prey and to catch that they must
hunt as a pack
[Music]
adult Harris may be easy to spot but
they're far from easy to catch
they run at 60 kilometres an hour
[Music]
to catch one the Wolves work as a team
one of them gets close enough to fight
the hares tail
but a hair can change direction in an
instant
[Music]
if it can continue to sidestep and
gingka it may ultimately outlast them
[Music]
finally it gets away
for the next hair the whole pack gives
chase
[Music]
now numbers count the need wolves keep
up the pace others run on either side so
the hare can't change direction
a tiny meal for the whole pack
you